ICIC Lobbard further
strengthened its commitment towards road safety and community welfare in Bihar by handing over
traffic barricades to Bihar Traffic Police as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility initiative.
These barricades were distributed
at important locations across the state with the aim of improving traffic management
and enhancing road safety.
This initiative is part of ICIC Lombard's broader efforts towards
building safe communities and promoting responsible road
use.
Senior Bihar Police
officials Vinay Kumar, DGP Bihar Police
Sudhanshu Kumar, DIG Bihar Police and
representatives of ICICI Lobbard were present in this program.
Sir, what will you say?  This program has been done by ICC Labrad.
Look, road safety is a big responsibility for all of us
and we all
should contribute to it.  In the same sequence, the government
is continuously trying to provide resources to the traffic police.  At
the same time, the
companies working in the corporate world
also
want to contribute in this direction through CSR funding.
In the same sequence, today ICICI Lombard
provided us with road barricades and steel foldable barricades for traffic control and regulation,
for which I thank them.
In the past years also, he has
contributed a lot in the field of safety through CSR party and
he is continuously active in this direction and
I congratulate him for this
and hope
that all our stakeholders in road safety should
realise their responsibility and they should continuously work in that direction
so that we can ensure safe and smooth traffic in the state of Bihar.
DGP Sir just saw Sudhanshu Sir, what will he
say, what was told to him, the
things that I told you,
he said the same things in his address there,
how the scope of traffic police has
increased and now traffic police is working in all the districts.  There
is a DSP in all the districts.  Police stations have opened in all the districts.
He threw light on all these things
and then warned us about our responsibility,
thank you sir, thank you sir.